---
layout: post
title: Loch Ness Marathon
---

So I finished my first marathon last week in around 3:48.
Two years ago I'd never run more than 3 miles without
collapsing. A year ago I'd have been shocked and apalled
at the suggestion of running 26.2 miles without stopping.

In April when I ran my first half-marathon at Edinburgh I
thought that that was far enough, and that it would be
daft to run any further. After Edinburgh I realised that
this wasn't going to stop - I was becoming addicted. The
obvious thing to do was feed this budding addiction and
so I entered the Loch Ness marathon.

Many months later as I crossed the line I was overcome by
an overwhelming feeling that I'd just completed one of
the most challenging and fulfilling things I'd ever done.
Days later, as the pain subsided and I found to my great
delight that I could walk down stairs again, my thoughts
turned towards the next event. It would have to be
tougher, and would have to be longer.

I've found my next race: the Thames Trot. This is a 50
mile ultramarathon along the Thames path, from Oxford to
Henley on Thames. To add to the fun, last year the run
took place in heavy snow on a day I spent in the park
building an igloo ( flickr.com ). 

4 months to go. Let's see how this goes...

"To call running "fun" would be a misuse of the word.
Running can be enjoyable. Running can be rejuvenating.
But in a pure sense of the word, running is not fun.

Dean Karnazes
